docs: add module documentation for Registry Cache (#120)
kyma-project/registry-cache: docs/user/resources/RegistryCache.md

# RegistryCache

The `registrycaches.core.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) is a detailed description of the kind of data and the format used to track the installation state of the Registry Cache module on a Kyma runtime cluster. To get the up-to-date CRD and show the output in the `yaml` format, run this command:

```bash
kubectl get crd registrycaches.core.kyma-project.io -o yaml
```

## Overview

> A `RegistryCache` resource is created automatically by the module lifecycle manager when the Registry Cache module is installed on a Kyma runtime cluster. You do not create or delete this resource directly — it is managed by the module lifecycle infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `RegistryCache` resource is created automatically by the module lifecycle manager when the Registry Cache module is installed on a Kyma runtime cluster. You do not create or delete this resource directly — the module lifecycle infrastructure manages it.
```
If by lifecycle manager you mean our KLM, please use Title Case.

| **status.conditions** | A list of Kubernetes standard conditions. The condition type `Starting` reports the health of the admission webhook server. |

## State Lifecycle

The controller transitions the `RegistryCache` CR through the following states:

| State | Description |
|---|---|
| _(empty)_ | Initial state — the resource has just been created and has not yet been processed. |
| `Processing` | The controller is checking whether the admission webhook is ready. |
| `Ready` | The admission webhook is healthy and the module is fully operational. |
| `Error` | The admission webhook is unhealthy. The controller re-checks at the health interval (every 30 seconds). |
| `Deleting` | A deletion timestamp was set on the resource; the controller is removing the finalizer. |

The normal lifecycle is: _(empty)_ → `Processing` → `Ready`.

If the webhook becomes unhealthy while in `Ready`, the state transitions to `Error`. The controller retries every 30 seconds and returns to `Ready` once the webhook is healthy again.

## Related Resources and Components

These are the resources related to this CR:

| Custom resource | Description |
|---|---|

> | `RegistryCacheConfig` | The user-facing resource for configuring a caching layer for a specific upstream registry. See [docs/user/README.md](../README.md). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RegistryCacheConfig` | The user-facing resource for configuring a caching layer for a specific upstream registry. See [Registry Cache Module](../README.md). |
```

## Custom Resource Parameters

This table lists all the parameters of a `RegistryCache` resource together with their descriptions:

| Parameter | Required | Description |
|---|:---:|---|
| **metadata.name** | Yes | Specifies the name of the CR. |
| **metadata.namespace** | Yes | The namespace in which the CR is created. |
| **spec** | No | Empty — the `RegistryCache` CR has no configurable spec fields. All configuration is done through `RegistryCacheConfig` resources. |

## Status Fields

| Field | Description |
|---|---|
| **status.state** | The current state of the Registry Cache module. See [State Lifecycle](#state-lifecycle). |
| **status.conditions** | A list of Kubernetes standard conditions. The condition type `Starting` reports the health of the admission webhook server. |

## State Lifecycle

The controller transitions the `RegistryCache` CR through the following states:

| State | Description |
|---|---|
| _(empty)_ | Initial state — the resource has just been created and has not yet been processed. |
| `Processing` | The controller is checking whether the admission webhook is ready. |
| `Ready` | The admission webhook is healthy and the module is fully operational. |

> | `Warning` | The module is operational but the controller detected a non-critical issue. The controller re-checks at the health interval (every 30 seconds). |

Reviewer 2: This `Warning` state is defined in the codebase, but it's actually never set. I think we can remove that.

| `Error` | The admission webhook is unhealthy. The controller re-checks at the health interval (every 30 seconds). |
| `Deleting` | A deletion timestamp was set on the resource; the controller is removing the finalizer. |

The normal lifecycle is: _(empty)_ → `Processing` → `Ready`.

If the webhook becomes unhealthy while in `Ready` or `Warning`, the state transitions to `Error`. The controller retries every 30 seconds and returns to `Ready` once the webhook is healthy again.

## Related Resources and Components

These are the resources related to this CR:

| Custom resource | Description |
|---|---|
| `RegistryCacheConfig` | The user-facing resource for configuring a caching layer for a specific upstream registry. See [docs/user/README.md](../README.md). |

These components use this CR:

| Component | Description |
|---|---|
| Registry Cache controller | Reconciles `RegistryCache` CRs and manages the state machine described above. |

> | Module lifecycle manager | Creates and deletes the `RegistryCache` CR as part of module installation and removal. |

Reviewer 2: Module lifecycle manager sounds like some resource that is installed in the SKR. That true that Lifecycle Manager is applying the default Registry Cache CR, but it is the KCP component.
